okay so thrilled today folks we've got a
lot of cool stuff
we have today we have the ban appeals
so it is still the year of our lord 2020
mod appreciation week
we're halfway through mod appreciation
week where proceeds from stream are
going to our mods
it's a way of saying thank you so
basically we have a we have a discord
right
and on our discord uh sometimes people
get banned so just so you guys know our
discord is really a place for like
people who are interested in the values
of healthy gamer
it's about like understanding yourself
better or growing as a human being
it's not about you know sharing the
dankest memes and a place for the walls
i mean we want people to have fun and
there are you know chill channels and
stuff like that
where we want people to enjoy themselves
but our our discord is really focused on
growth it's not focused on
you know fun you know what we're going
to do today is actually like talk to
people who have been banned and try to
get a sense of like
what their understanding was of why they
got banned
um and then we will let you guys kind of
vote on what we should do in terms of
letting them back onto discord or not
hello hey man oh hold on
is it if for some reason it's going
through my my vr headset
hold on okay then so what uh
what do you go by man just call me again
because my name is ganymede so just call
me ganny danny okay
so ganny can you tell us a little bit
about how you came to join the healthy
gamer community
well um initially i was watching your
streams and i was watching the
uh vods on youtube and um
initially that well the one that drew me
in uh was the
there was there was a guy i think his
name was paul or something and he was
like it was about the whole incel
conversation
and um i saw that and i
saw a few of your other streams and
stuff and i and i and i kind of liked
the sort of angle that the channel was
taking where it was like
applying the sort of mental health or
the sort of like
uh sort of mental health angle for like
the gaming community and i thought that
as somebody who
is a part like pretty active in the
gaming community and as somebody who
engages frequently with like discord and
video games that i would
benefit from being in a community that
was sort of centered around that
that's awesome man we made the community
for people like you
and so what happened when you joined the
discord how did you get yourself banned
um well a lot of the times i i think
i think it was repeated behavior i think
it was uh it was stuff that was
happening over and over and over again
where i was kind of using the using it
as a platform more event
and like people would give me advice and
people would would like uh
tell me things to do but i a lot of the
times i wouldn't say i ignored it
completely like a lot of times i would
try my best to address it
address it but a lot of the times i i
feel like the advice was either not
specific or enough
or it was kind of hard to take action on
and i was just a bit confused
sometimes so as much as i tried to sort
of take advice
i maybe wasn't the best at listening to
others
and a lot of the times the advice to me
seemed kind of cliche and seem kind of
like
uh stuff i've heard like a million times
before
and how did you respond to it well
usually i
uh what i would do is i i would try to
sort of address it or i would
i mean the thing is is when you're in a
text chat there are so many people
talking at you at once it's almost
impossible to address what everybody is
saying
but uh i wouldn't necessarily address
every single thing that was said to me
necessarily because there was just so
much of it and people would get mad at
me because they would say oh why aren't
you addressing what i'm saying
interesting and uh can i add one more
thing because
there was multiple reasons i was banned
i think i was also vain for making like
not safe for work comments as well
uh or or saying things that was uh that
were not kind of like out of place
and i'm for the most part like used to
be in communities where that stuff is
okay but i understand that like
a lot of the times it was out of place
and a lot of the times
some of the remarks i was making were
inappropriate and really
did not have to be sad all right so let
me just make sure i hear you ganny
so on the one hand it sounds like you
were maybe reaching out for support and
people would try to support you but they
would try to support you with cliche
advice
and you're saying that you would respond
in ways where you couldn't
address everyone sort of yeah okay
so generally speaking that's a little
bit confusing to me because that's
usually doesn't like at least as far as
i understand that doesn't get you banned
like usually what gets you banned is
like you know if someone gives you
advice and you respond in a toxic manner
that could get you banned so i'm curious
about the way that you responded was it
just that
hey guys i'm a little bit confused and i
can't get to everyone because that
sounds weird because that's the way
you're making it sound
i think i think a big reason too is
because i would go to the chat with the
same issue repeatedly and
people would kind of get tired of of me
sort of monopolizing or taking over the
chat and sort of
like with my issues because it would be
the same issue over and over and over
again and i think people were kind of
fed up with that
okay so it sounds like you were asking
for help but when people were trying to
help you you
i get the sense that you kind of weren't
meeting them halfway
yeah you were rejecting the help that
they offered and you kept on asking
and you kept on rejecting help yeah that
sounds right
okay and then it also sounds like you
were posting some things that were
inappropriate and
you know you're a gamer on the internet
and so a lot of times posting things
that are not safe for work
is like completely normal in some
communities but it's not okay in our
community yeah i understand that
and the other thing that i'm hearing
from you which i think is quite
insightful is that it seems like these
aren't one-time things these are like
multiple times that you were doing this
yeah like i was muted i was muted twice
before i was or
uh yeah twice before i was banned so
uh i understand like why i don't
okay i feel like the final band like it
kind of came out of nowhere i was kind
of surprised
but at the same time i understand why
after uh
repeated offenses i would be banned okay
so let's like dig into that for a second
when you get muted once and then you get
unmuted what do you what was going
through your head
like how do you get muted again well i
was muted for
different for different reasons so i
would get muted for something and then
i'd say oh i guess i'm not going to do
that again but then i wouldn't do that
again but then i get muted for like a
completely different reason or for
something else okay and then so yeah
yeah so i'm also hearing like some
degree of like
almost conflict or confusion in terms of
on the one hand like yeah you got banned
because you were muted twice
but on the other hand it sounds like you
felt like you were breaking different
rules
each time and so it sort of felt like it
came out of nowhere but on the other
hand
someone who gets muted twice and gets
banned it's like not that unreasonable
but to you it still felt like it sort of
came out of left field yeah because
there wasn't like a specific
thing i said that caused me to be banned
it was just
it was just general i mean i could read
uh i think i i still have the
the message from the bot i don't know if
you it says here
am i allowed to read it out or yeah
we'll let moses do that
yeah i think it was just mostly
inappropriate comments related to sex
was
the big one yeah that's understandable i
feel like because a lot of the issues i
was having were like not safe for work
issues so i was trying to talk about
them but
i was i wasn't really sure how to talk
about them in a way that was
uh in a way that was necessarily
uh appropriate for the server but maybe
i guess if an issue is not safe for work
and it's
probably better to talk about it
somewhere else or not talk about it at
all
i'm curious moses can we go into a
little bit more detail because that's
kind of an interesting question right
like so
sometimes people do have issues that may
not be safe for work
and like how do we want to and how do we
address those on our discord
people in chatter saying make an nsfw
channel but i feel like that would
become
for people to say all kinds of stuff and
then they're like oh it's the nsfw
channel
one comment was i just get extreme
satisfaction when people are shamed and
have negative things happen to them as a
result of sex
okay i mean that just sounds less infw
and more just like bitter and like uh
maybe
inappropriate in another way less than
an nsfw you know what i mean
i i again what i hear you saying is that
like you were trying
you're not necessarily advocating for
those feelings
you're just trying to share that you
feel a certain way and maybe you want to
work on that
am i being like too optimistic there or
you just i feel like it's a mix of both
like i do want to work on them
absolutely like i do want to see them
change
because i know they're not productive
thoughts and behaviors
but at the same time sometimes when i
let them out maybe i'm not necessarily
100 thinking about it at that in that
way in that moment but it is it is
something i want to change if that makes
any sense
yeah so what are the other ways in which
you're thinking about it that's
insightful of you to realize that there
is like something
toxic about those statements it's not
just
growth and positivity right what else is
there well i feel like part of it kind
of gets it off my chest or like
me it was sort of it's a venting as as
it said in the
ban uh the band reason it's it's venting
a lot of it is
uh a lot of it is releasing some of my
anger because a lot of the times i mean
i do harbor a lot of anger and a lot
of frustration and a lot of the times i
release it through like
inflammatory or negative comments or you
know what i mean
yeah do we want to go into more detail
about what kind of inflammatory or
negative comments those could be
i mean it's i if you want me to be
specific specifically things around like
uh sexuality or like my inability to
uh the fact that i'm not sexually active
or the fact that other people are able
to be sexually active but i'm not like
specifically that is i think the
the thing that causes uh frustration for
me
and so ganny you know just to kind of
clarify so like
when you have those feelings what have
you noticed like what has the internet
taught you
is like the appropriate way to
communicate that what is the internet
i mean the internet hasn't necessarily
taught me a lot of positive things when
it comes to dealing with that i feel
like what the internet teaches me is
that you get you post it you post
something and then a bunch of people get
frustrated at you and a bunch of people
try to argue with you
and then you you cause like a big scene
and then that's basically how you deal
with your problems rather than
you know how can i improve and how can i
uh
get better or how can i change this
right sure
so so moses anything else you want to
add in terms of like logs or
anything i mean do you feel comfortable
with me saying this
yeah i mean i think it's worth it if it
can help other people it might be going
through the same thing i think it'd be
fine to
share it or yeah i mean yeah just share
it because like here's the thing right
gandhi is like like people need
another way to think about some of these
topics and people need
to understand like what is okay to say
and what is not okay to say
yeah and i i don't know how we do that
without providing examples
okay yeah because that makes it far away
yeah
all right vlog one i honestly can't
conceive of the fact that millions of
guys literally get to have sex with
whoever they want while i raw alone
never gang to feel the touch of a woman
seems kind of unfair don't it
okay all right keep going
next log two i feel that i am treated
like a second class cis and through the
denial of sex by woman i don't think
every individual woman owes me sex but i
think i'm owed it in a fair world
log three can a trans woman get wet
that yeah that wasn't one that was one
that was pointed out to me that i
know is inappropriate for obvious
reasons uh log four
am i allowed to talk about wanting to
kms on here
and then the last log was the one i
already said when people are ashamed and
have negative things happen to them as a
result of sex
so ganny what is it what is it like when
you hear
moses read off what you've said well i
feel like when you say these things
or when i say these things i don't
really think about it before i say it so
to hear it sort of uh said back to me
after i've had some time to think about
maybe some of these things it kind of
makes me
double it makes me think again about
maybe some of the things i've been
saying and maybe how reasonable i mean
i think a lot of it sounds kind of
unreasonable and stuff i wouldn't say
again but at the same time i mean i've
said it so
it's very easy to say oh i wouldn't say
this but i've already said it so
it's just uh it doesn't seem it it seems
it's very i mean hindsight is 20 20 but
yeah no it's very it sucks to hear these
things i mean i don't i don't like to
hear these things
how do you feel about yourself hearing
these things oh
geez that's kind of harsh uh i i feel i
i honestly feel like
uh i mean i i kind of i hear what these
what this person is saying and i know
this person is me but i hear what this
person is saying and i just think of
like why is this person so angry or what
happened to this person to
make them like so bitter and so or
not maybe not what happened to this
person because that kind of but like
because i feel like when you think about
what happened to the person it's kind of
relieving them from some responsibility
but like
why why does this person have to say
these horrible things right
it's interesting that you thought my
question was harsh
um it's not harsh at all it's just uh
i'm just saying it's
it's harsh to think about for me not
necessarily yeah so so and and i i think
that it's kind of interesting because
what i'm hearing you say is that like
you recognize that this person is you
but you also recognize that like this
isn't
all of you right this is a piece of
yourself
that is angry and resentful and you're
able to like when you hear it it's like
that's not
that certainly doesn't sound like the
ganny that i'm talking to right now
right you see yeah level-headed you seem
like
thoughtful you're careful to not like
absolve yourself of responsibility
you're trying really hard to take
responsibility i hear that
right because you kind of say you know i
say that i'm not going to do it again
but then again i i did it i did it
several times
so how can i even say that i'm not going
to do it again even though in this
moment i really feel like i'm
going to do it again yeah i know that
makes sense um
i mean can i be honest about something i
think this is something i want to make
clear
uh if i am for some reason allowed back
into the server i feel like i wouldn't
necessarily talk about my issues in it
necessarily
because i feel like when i do like it it
tends to
go in a negative direction and intense
and i tend to
i tend to end up seeing things that i
regret and i'm not saying and i feel
like
like for me if i were to use the
community again i'd probably use it to
either talk about other people's issues
or
uh just have fun like just talk to
people on the vcs because honestly
i feel like when whenever i talk i talk
about things that are going through my
head i kind of go down a rabbit hole
and i kind of uh i start to hurt the
people around
me and i start to i don't know like i i
just
it's maybe like i just need to take a
break from like my
thinking so much about myself and my own
uh
my own problems i i mean oddly enough
ganny i think
um and so we'll we'll sort of ask twitch
chat
and and zach to kind of yeah so zach's
got a poll up but here's what i think so
i think that that's like a really
productive
take i do hope that our community is a
place where we can actually address some
of those feelings
but not in an like in-cell
kind of approach or language like i
think the way that you
reacted to listening to your own
language is actually the healthy way
right is to like ask yourself like where
does this anger and resentment come from
and i think if your focus is on like i
feel angry towards women and i follow my
find myself like falling into this
in-cell red pill
kind of like thinking do you guys have
any thoughts about like how i can
start to think about things differently
and i think this is going to be a more
yeah yeah so
so i mean i i do want our discord to be
a place where people can like
authentically look at the dark part of
themselves and try to change
i think in your case there's a double
doozy because it sounds like maybe you
did that
and people tried that with you right
like they tried to give you advice they
tried to talk to you
and it sounds like for whatever reason
you shot them down every single time
and so what i would really also look at
if you are on band
is to like ask yourself why do i ask for
help and then shoot it down
because that too is like angry and
resentful and hopeless
yeah no that's true so let's see what
what do you think you think twitch chat
is going to want to unban you uh i'm
going to be honest
i'm not allowed to read the twitch chat
because i don't want some no
no reading to a chat you have to tell me
what you think
i i don't think so because i feel like
some of the comments i make people are
gonna hear them and be like oh what's
this guy's problem
so interestingly enough so it seems like
twitch had 63
of twitch chat feels like you should be
unbanned
oh my god really yeah man
and frankly i'm not surprised because i
think you're not the toxic [ __ ] that
you are at times when you talk like this
like the person that we're talking to
right now ganny is i think like
absolutely allowed on her server it's
when you start to like become this other
person which you
absolutely have inside you that doesn't
belong there
because you have to understand that not
only is that not helpful towards you but
it's actually hurtful towards other
people
i know sometimes it just feels like
words to you
you know if you ask like inappropriate
questions about like transgender people
like their
transgender people come to our our
discord for like
to be like safe and accepted and you
come to our discord because you want to
be safe and
accepted so when like people are bashing
in cells like that's hurtful towards you
and when you bash on people like that's
hurtful towards them
i mean i feel like when people bash in
cells i don't really get that upset
because i don't identify myself as an
incel even though i know that
people might think i am one i don't know
i just don't really like
identify myself that way okay
mistaking a sub [ __ ] on my part yeah
all right just i'm curious now last
question how do you identify yourself
well i think i'm just uh struggling
individual who has problems who has
resentment and i feel like
like putting a label on it for
especially like an ill label from the
internet
i feel like that's not necessarily going
to help me especially when
a lot of the people who consider
themselves in cells are very like
they're not the kind of productive
people you want to surround yourself
with they're the kind of people that try
to drag you down and the kind of people
that
uh aren't like trying to get you to
improve yourself you know what i mean
sure so that sounds like a really good
answer and so i'd be really really
careful
ganny when you start using labels about
other people
because just like you're you're a
[ __ ] insult man
but like that label doesn't help right
it's like it doesn't speak to when you
talk about being entitled to sex like
that's in cell language
and at the same time you're not an
insult because you're a human being
who's struggling and has like resentment
and anger issues
and you're trying to grow as a person so
be careful the next time
you know you call someone like an
inappropriate label
because you feel angry because you're
doing the same thing to them
that people do to you and they call you
in excel which is that you're
deorganizing
and i don't think it's fair to label you
as an incel even though in a sense you
fit the bill like i don't think it's
helpful
right like i get behind your definition
which is that you're someone who's like
trying to grow as a human being and
you've got challenges
but then you should give that same
respect to other people yeah that's fair
enough
all right good luck annie thank you
thanks for coming on man
and it looks like no problem man twitch
chat in a
in a two to one ratio feels like you
should be allowed back onto the server
all right all right take care yeah
thank you bye hey man
hey what's up can you tell me um what
would you like to be
like how do you want to be referred to
what should i call you um
brecken works that's my first name can
you first start by telling me a little
bit about um
how you came to our community and and
kind of how you
why you joined the discord i saw your
streams with like reckful and a couple
others
and then i saw a link for your discord
on the
healthy gamer site because okay i went
on originally to like
uh contact you um or like see if it was
possible to set up like
uh like an actual point like medical
appointment but i didn't know if you did
like online
sure therapy like actual online therapy
like sure like medical
yeah and then i found the discord that
way okay
and so you signed up for the discord and
and you've been banned
right yes and so help me understand a
little bit about like what happened and
what's your understanding of why you got
banned
i i i in real life i've been diagnosed
with borderline
so uh i've and i'm not medicated right
now
due to a lot of other reasons but i i
don't want to like excuse
like things i did because of that but
i'd be lying if i said it didn't have to
do with it
at all sure and um
can you explain to us what borderline
means
it's almost like you get into these
states where um
you feel something like this this
creeping feeling
well up in your chest and you can't
really like let it out
through any way other than than anger
okay so you have some feeling and then
you get angry
yeah it's it's like instead of uh like
regulating your emotions normally
it's like taking it out on yourself and
others because of
just like the building up and then not
being able to release it through
like normal means and okay so what
happened on on discord
um i had brought up something about um
uh like uh being a victim of like a
sexual incident and
uh then someone um like said something
passive aggressive to me about it
and so i uh like responded like really
harshly and just attacked him
but that was that was the warning and
then the ban
was oh i attacked someone which was
completely unwarranted on their end so
it was my fault that time but
i i didn't hold back at all i just went
as hard as i could on him and i
i just thought of like the things to say
that would
hurt him the most basically so it sounds
like
you understand that you really were
not nice to him yeah and
and that you were out to hurt him yes
and
so but it also sounds like you sort of
recognized that that was bad and that
maybe you were like weren't in control
of your emotions at that time
well yeah i wasn't in control my
emotions at the time like
for example like i've broken like two or
three smartphones
and like also have
like gambling and drug addiction
problems and stuff so
uh this isn't like sounds rough this
isn't like
it isn't even something that happens
that much sounds like it happens rarely
and sometimes explosively
yeah yeah it's like whenever i'm at the
boiling point
and it just wells up in my chest it's
like primal rage
yeah and then you can't control it yeah
so on the one hand it sounds to me like
you really dealt with a lot of really
unfortunate things
and and i feel compassion for kind of
the way that
your life has been um you know i do feel
like we want to support you
and it's not fair that you've had to
deal with the things that you've had to
deal with it sounds like you have your
fair share of struggles
and our our discord is actually a place
where we want people like you
um who have struggles like that's what
the healthy gamer discord is about it's
about people who struggle and giving
them a space where they can like work on
those struggles in sort of a proactive
way
makes perfect sense so i'm i'm really
conflicted personally because on the one
hand i feel like it's a place where
you belong and we made the discord for
places for people like you
and bizarrely because we made it for
people like you
it makes it really unacceptable when you
kind of go off on them
and i'm personally i agree because you
know i see that you
recognize that you made a mistake and
and you sort of didn't feel like you
were in control of your actions
and so i i genuinely don't know kind of
what to do
like i even if i were to get unbanned i
probably wouldn't join back
simply like right now at least until
like i i just don't think
i would be ready to participate in the
community right now
and like whenever i go in there
sometimes whenever i
i i would be in like a negative state of
mind like in a lot of ways it would make
me feel like even more strange from
people just seeing
how like just seeing people's reactions
or like responses
i mean there were a couple people that i
think i helped really but
like other than that brecken i really
respect you for saying that
if you did something wrong and you feel
like you should apologize for it i think
you know you mentioned you tossed out
the phrase net negative effect
but i think by coming on here i think
you just
flipped that around because i think that
when people mess up and they like try to
make it right
my hope is that the world becomes
a net positive doesn't always happen but
i do think generally speaking that there
are not enough people who are given
an opportunity to say hey like i kind of
[ __ ] up and i'm sorry about that
i also really really commend you for
recognizing that even if you are
unbanned that maybe
your interaction with our discord is not
in its healthiest space right now
i need to address a lot of things
probably beforehand and i i don't even
know even if i'm
i don't even know in the future even
when i am technically ready if i would
be fit
so i don't know but yeah so then
i think in in a weird way this
conversation is is
on the on one hand it's productive and
on the other hand i was under the
impression this is a ban appeals stream
and what i'm hearing is there's
actually consensus between the mods and
you that maybe you need to work on
yourself for a little while and maybe
like a ban appeal
is more appropriate down the road what
do you think
even if i were to get ben though like i
said i probably wouldn't rejoin the
server
uh because i'd probably i i've come to
the
i'd already come to the conclusion
beforehand like that i just felt out of
place in the server
in general so sure so sometimes
um bracken sometimes people will
come on a banner like i can just it's
kind of weird right because like
you're on a ban appeal stream and you're
kind of saying i i'm not ready to be
unbanned i'm not ready to participate
does it feel okay to you how do you feel
right now with us saying yeah that
sounds okay to us
were you hoping or expecting us to say
no you really are ready we really want
you to be back on the community
please come back i saw this as more of a
chance to talk to you than
a ban appeal to be honest okay
that makes sense yeah yeah i'm sorry if
if you were a little bit disappointed
with how this went
no it's fine i i don't know i part of it
was just like
uh i wanted like to externalize like how
i felt myself about
my experience in the community because
like if
if i externalize it then i also get the
feedback from you guys so
it and chat so it makes it um
it just clears it up more in my mind
yeah so first of all bracken thank you
for coming on man um no
problem you know i know it sounded like
you wanted to apologize and and get some
time with me which i can totally get
and at the same time i think you
actually have made the community a
better place by doing that
i think you make it you make all the
other people who are having feelings
like maybe they don't fit
maybe they don't belong i think you
normalize their feelings
and you've let them know that hey it's
okay to like
not really connect with the community
and have times where it's like difficult
to connect and that's actually perfectly
fine i think you've also done an
awesome job of demonstrating a really
important principle which is that
sometimes you're just not ready for a
particular kind of engagement
with another person or a community and
that's okay
and it's okay to work on yourself first
and then maybe engage with a community
i'm also kind of sometimes thinking
about relationships where sometimes
people may really want a relationship
and they're just not
personally ready so thanks a lot for
coming on anyway
appreciate it man oh no thank thank you
for uh
giving me the the time to come on so and
and lastly i hope i'm not being harsh
here but
if bracken was an [ __ ] to you you
know
we can hear brecken say that he's sorry
and we hope that you can forgive him
yeah i wanted to apologize personally
the person i said to but to be honest i
don't even remember who it was so
that's okay maybe they remember maybe
they don't but i think that's enough
good cool man oh yeah thank you thanks
for coming on
hello hey man that's good
um and what are we calling you he-man
493 or just he-man
he-man so he-man tell me what's going on
i was
banned because from what he said um
i was talking about hentai and he said
that the
comment was about um me saying i hated
sisters
okay can you can you tell us he meant a
little bit about how you came to join
the healthy gamer discord
uh i came to the healthy gamer discord
because i had a gaming addiction
gaming was actually more important to my
family than my friends than anything
else
so um being in the group kind of helped
me have a lot
more perspective on what was more
important um i actually
improved very much to where i was
actually spending more time with my
family
i'm getting more projects done stuff
like that and so
so it sounds like you were addicted to
games and then you kind of came in and
were doing better
oh yeah mostly mostly addiction came
from like a lot of my um
dealing with molestation and false
allegations at my um work
was more of a coping mechanism okay and
so
what's your understanding of why you got
banned um
i honestly have no clue um
the only conversation i can think of
that i was talking about hentai was in
the context of that
um a person was talking about in cells
and how like
you know they have an issue with like uh
disrespecting women
and i was making the comparison of the
anime community
where they are very addicted to hentai
where they're very addicted to these
particular fictional characters we're to
the point where they even fall in love
with them
and they don't want to improve they
don't want to try
to be better instead it's more about hey
you know
why should i even take a shower why
should i even you know get a job when i
have this
hentai girl waiting for me at home every
single day that's
the only thing i can think of so you
were kind of
but there was a conversation about like
weebos or sorry why
yeah or something and and so you're not
you're not really sure so maybe we can
just ask moses
moses what's your understanding of of
why he-man was banned
okay so i'm gonna add the mod that
actually banned he-man
hi this one okay never mind so can you
tell us a little bit about
why he-man was banned the ban reason in
itself
did say that behavior does not fall in
line with the intention of the server
self-promotion sending not safe over
content in text channels
and being inappropriate with members of
the healthy gamer community
the truth here is that like roughly a
month ago we
got a report about he-man
and another member of our community's
interaction with them outside of the
server
we found a lot of things
do you mind if i asked what was the
report that you guys received of his
activity oh yeah
yeah so apparently there was this female
member
who you had discussed about going
to talk on some anime podcasts
yeah yeah she uh volunteered to come on
to the
uh podcast because she was interested in
joining us
and talking about anime and manga yeah
okay
that sounds correct and it seems like
what happened was that in her
description at least
she pointed out that throughout your
talk
you kept trying to initiate a rather
sexual conversation no um
i don't do that what it was was that
um apparently from what my co-host
and my partner who runs the business
she got afraid because she claimed that
she'd seen
something in there that she did not like
um
my friend tried to understand what she
was talking about
but apparently she just left the group
did not explain her reasoning
or whatever so let's let's go back to z
yeah thanks for sharing your perspective
he-man yeah
i appreciate you sharing but i would
like for you to not interrupt me you can
wait until i'm done
okay go ahead z yeah so from her
point of view um he man kept trying to
initiate their other sexual conversation
even pointing out that he's interested
in the bdsm community and that he's a
dom and that he was into submissive
woman in itself this report was by the
way
two thousand characters long so it is a
little bit difficult to summarize
of course so then what did you guys
notice in the server
so you said that yeah so this happened
off of our server right so that brings
up an interesting question about
do we act on things that happen outside
of our server is that appropriate
and when you guys so it prompted you
guys to take a closer look which sounds
reasonable to me
yes so initially if something like this
happens what we do is that
we would consider mute and then
overall look their behavior on the
server so
throughout our investigation we found a
lot of
self-promotion some questionable posts
and statements
and some not safer work
posts as well i don't think so because
i've never posted
a i don't think that's true
so let's let's start with just one at a
time so you said self-promotion right
see what do you mean
by that so apparently uh he-man seems to
have some kind of
podcast where they talk about different
kind of topics
um including hentai which in itself is
not safe for work so there's another
rule broken there about keeping posts
safe for work well one um
we didn't tougher hentai until now and
we have no hentai
um content on there um two i posted that
in the creators
um section so
unless i was not allowed to do that i
mean
i don't know exactly what you define as
creators creative
so could you do that yes that is
actually very
interesting because when when this uh
report was brought to our
attention and we looked up your post
history it was kind of surprising for
all of us that this had been going on
for so long without
any of us catching on so it is maybe a
fault on our part
and could have been reported by other
members or maybe even
the rules throughout your stay on the
server had changed
fair enough so then so in addition to
self-promotion
z you said there were a couple of other
things that you all noticed or had
concerns about
there are some questionable posts and
statements
the thing is that um in okay it seems
like
some of these posts were not written by
you but they were
shared by you so that in our opinion
kind of reflects on your behavior
and what you stand for so there was this
one go ahead there was this one post
where it actually says sisters are
[ __ ] worthless
mine won't do [ __ ] to help me relieve me
of my sexual
poverty won't hook me up with her
friends won't bring me to parties won't
give me money so i can get facial
services
oh i know exactly what that was very
long post but that those are the few
first lines of it oh i know exactly what
that was about
what that was about was we were having a
discussion about me being an um
i was uh um talking about my experience
dealing with incels when they were
trying to
harass me um they actually called me a
tyrone
and rachel pro found me i think that was
like some black chat or something
and they sent me all this stuff and i
was showing these people what these guys
were doing
their discord got banned so it wasn't
really me
trying to say i hate sisters because i
don't have any to really hate
um it was me more showing uh the gamer
uh
healthy gamer gg community what these
guys actually believe in
what these guys stand for and why they
stand for it
um so again i will add it's very
important to ask for context when you
make these
bands because when you don't
a lot of people can get unfairly banned
and they can piss them off
so it's very important to just may have
pulled me to the side and say
hey what was this about or
do you really believe in this because
banning me outright
was just kind of kind of wrong but
that's just my opinion
and was there anything else that you
guys kind of wanted to add that
that sort of contributed to the ban um
another one is
i think ultimately a lot of guys don't
have enough confidence
that there will be any more single woman
that they want and if
people suggest to them why don't you get
a trans woman and why don't you date a
single mother
they'll get angry just because it's almo
it's almost like getting a consolation
prize
the reason why i said that is because
there are a lot of men
in the uh gamer community that for some
reason believe
that they are unfairly treated
because they do not they're not able to
get the
um scarlett johansson's or the very
pretty women in the world
and they believe that if a woman who
has a child or a woman who is a little
bit overweight
or a woman who may not fit the beauty
standards of society
are attracted to them they feel as if
they're getting a consolation pride
so that is what i was trying to uh
um say in that dm was that these men
are not looking at the bigger picture
they're not looking at this woman who's
actually showing them actually affection
and loving them for them
but they're judging that woman based
upon
oh she's not really pretty she's not
she has a child or she
she's too ugly for me that's what it was
so ximena let me ask you a question have
you been watching the other ban appeals
yep and what have you thought so far
have you thought that those ban appeals
were dealt with in a fair way
yeah i believe that it was uh that
um well more or less i would have maybe
had a private call
not on twitch but i do believe that it
was much more better for them to be able
to kind of
speak on their behalf and you know you
know
say their piece and generally speaking
so sometimes we've sort of like arrived
at some conclusions and i know this is
going to sound kind of weird but
twitch chat also has like voiced their
opinion have you felt like twitch chat's
opinion has been relatively fair
um i i honestly am not watching
um twitch chat right now so i don't know
okay so i'll give you like an example so
the first guy said that he said some
really vicious things and he was kind of
in an emotionally bad place
and that he didn't really feel like he
was like ready to come back to the
server and twitch chat sort of agreed
and so that's something so then the
question that i have so we haven't asked
to a chat but in a second we're going to
pull twitch at and we're going to ask
them whether
we think you should be unbanned or not
if they say that you're unbanned do you
think that would be fair
yeah i guess if they say that you should
remain banned
do you think that would be fair sure
okay so let's ask do you really think so
um
i mean i wouldn't mind being unbanned i
don't think that anything i said was
like
toxic or anything there was no i i
wasn't
i wasn't trying to like post anything
unsafe for work it was more of where
this was just showing us more of an
example of a conversation
yeah i get you man so so i think what
zeke commented i i think
i i can tell as well is that like you
have a different perspective right
so you're saying that like z's
perspective like there's a different
side of things so what i'm asking you is
when a bunch of people
seem to have a perspective that isn't
your own
how do you know whether they're wrong or
you're wrong
honestly i all i know is that what i
know and i'll
only know what i what my intention was
from the post
and it wasn't to um
try to troll or anything like that i
i get you i i get you i think you've
made that very clear
and at the same time the question that
i'm asking you is i agree
that all you know is what you know and
when
other people tell you something else how
do you reconcile
what you know versus what other people
are telling you
how do you know whether what you know is
right or wrong like how do you
critically look at your own thought
process
and statements to know like sure you
have your perspective right so you said
that like
essentially like you weren't advocating
for that you are using that as actually
an example
of what is back what so in a sense you
actually like side completely with the
mods that you were
you posted something not as a
representation of your own views
but as a representation of views that
you strongly disagree with and that you
think are wrong
makes sense to me and at the same time
what i would encourage you so let's go
ahead and just ask twitch at whether
we think that you should be banned or
unbanned
and he meant what i would encourage you
to do so it would make sense to me if
they felt
like um you know that
you have sort of a counterpoint to a lot
of this kind of stuff
and at the same time it would also make
sense to me that like sometimes talking
to women about how you're a dom
and and women feeling like you're sort
of
sexually inappropriate with them on a
podcast
and something that you don't understand
because all you see is what you know
that's something that's worth looking at
does that make sense
no that wasn't right either i didn't
talk to anybody about me being a dom
or anything like that what was that
statement
um yeah so in the report it clearly
states
that he-man randomly told me that he was
into bdsm
community and that he's a dom and if i
knew what adom was and that he liked
submissive
woman out of the blue i tried to keep
this conversation
being about anime podcasting but he kept
mentioning
sexual harassment topics um
no so hold up hold on a second amen
so i know you say no in response to that
so let's just forget about what actually
happened
the question that i'm asking you is when
someone has a perspective
that is very different from your own how
do you approach that
do you just say no and they're wrong and
i'm right
well i told them that's not what i said
i mean
and do they have any evidence of me
actually saying it
um it's it's from as far as i can
tell from this young lady she either
misheard
or misinterpreted what i was saying that
was
not what we were talking about great
he-man so now we get to something
interesting right so when a lot of
people
consistently mishear or misinterpret
what you say how do you deal with that
i try to correct them i try to have a
conversation with them
yeah so maybe buddy what you should do
is when a lot of people are mishearing
you
maybe you should instead of correcting
them think about
like the way that you're coming across
because what i'm hearing is a pattern of
misunderstanding
right that's the way that you're
describing it and generally speaking in
my experience
when there's a pattern of
misunderstanding that revolves around
one person that person is the one that's
doing most of the misunderstanding
uh that's sure um
it's something to think about i mean i
don't have a rule
for you but i i i'm not trying to bully
you or anything like that i'm just
saying that like
so by the way so i i think 75 of people
don't believe you should be on band so
they think that the ban is appropriate
and i recognize i can see how that's
like really confusing
because the whole point here is you
started this conversation off with
saying
i don't understand why i was banned and
you don't see
anything that you did wrong and you
provide actually good
reasons right so if like mods are
banning you for quoting something
that you are actually like in the
context of the conversation you're
saying
it's inappropriate to use the word dildo
when you're talking to someone
and then they ban you for using the word
dildo it's like what the [ __ ] mods
i was saying that it's inappropriate
does that make sense
yeah it almost sounded like either she
only listened to a portion of what i
said or
maybe she just maybe what she was saying
uh what i was saying
she thought i was talking about that i i
get that and my point to you is that
when you
are have a pattern of interactions
where it appears to you like people are
only listening to a portion of what
you're saying
and not giving you the appropriate
context maybe that's a reason to
re-examine your
own communication because there is a
pattern of misunderstanding what you're
trying to say
and so when there's a pattern of
misunderstanding what you're trying to
say
you can try to convince the rest of the
world that you're not saying what you're
saying
or maybe you're conveying something that
you don't realize you're conveying
okay does that make sense
sure yeah i get it i mean you don't
sound like you sound like you
are conceding the point but i don't i'm
not
i feel like you you still don't really
get it i get it
i get it i'm not i'm not i'm genuinely
dude because i i think
like everything that you're saying
actually makes sense to me
and i think like that's what's so tragic
about the situation is i don't think
that your intentions
are genuinely bad and if you know i it's
really bizarre i i don't know
what to think when one person has an
impression that you're like
asking them if they like submissives and
you're telling them about
how you're a dom and you're saying you
never said that i don't know what to
make of that
what i wonder about is that when there's
like when you have
that kind of experience with like a
dozen people and i'm not saying that
it's a dozen people and you can dispute
that point what i'm saying is that
and z sort of said it right she's like
each of these things on their own is
like it's not really potentially a
bannable offense
but there's something here that the mods
feel like is like generally
inappropriate
and so it makes sense to me that you're
confused why you got banned because
you really don't feel like you stepped
out of line and what i'm saying is that
maybe you didn't explicitly step out of
line but that there's a lot of
communication
that you're offering which for some
reason is perceived
by multiple people in a different way
from what you're conveying
and when any time i have
something that i think i'm saying and
one person disagrees
sure maybe i'll try to convince them but
if there are a dozen people that i have
a conversation with and they
all sort of read something into what i'm
saying that like i don't think i'm
saying
it really causes me to look at my
communication
so i would really encourage you to do
that
all right that's something i can do and
i
i really do appreciate you coming on
because i think this is a this is
actually an awesome example
of how like communication can be really
confusing and some people feel like
bands
are inappropriate now i don't know
actually it's not my place to decide
whether the ban is appropriate or
inappropriate
i just know that generally speaking i
think our mods do a pretty good job and
i think i would encourage you to like
because i i do think actually twitch
chat is like pretty good about this
and you know twitch hat does feel like
the band was kind of appropriate and so
like i would really like take this as an
opportunity for self-reflection
and and maybe it is just that you know
you're quoting things inappropriately
but like
i would really stop and think you know
because if people are perceiving
that you're talking about you know bdsm
in an inappropriate manner like i would
really try to figure out where that's
coming from
okay right because it does seem like
it's not just one person
it's like there's a pattern of like
right on the edge kind of stuff that
some people feel is over the line and
you don't feel as overblind and you're
entitled to your opinion
and i get where you're coming from and
at the same time the pattern sort of
like bothers me a little bit and i think
deserves some amount of reflection
okay thanks for coming on man appreciate
it
and good luck to you in your anime
podcast
yeah yeah thanks
you